Run! There are enemies here!
It's over. It's over.
We're all going to die here
Damn what's going on
Is it really said by this trash?
How is that possible?
How can there be an earthquake?
What should we do?
No, I remember my previous life before the Tiancheng earthquake
The earthquake hit the island country first
This is the earthquake that hit the island country.
Don't stock up
This shouldn't be an earthquake in Tiancheng
It's an earthquake in an island country
Farting Island is thousands of kilometers away from Tiancheng
How could this be an island country earthquake?
Qin Feng
I think you just want to kill us you trash
What are you telling the truth?
I'm sorry, ladies and gentlemen.
The construction site next door is under construction
The blasting building didn't disturb you, did it?
What blasting building?
Excuse me.
I'm really sorry.
What the hell is an island country earthquake?
Qin Feng, you are so fucking nonsense!
Scared me to death
I really thought so. You scared me to death.
We were all deceived by Qin Feng, this bastard
You rubbish
Are you trying to scare me to death?
What a shit seismometer
I think it's a piece of shit
Blizzard, according to the contract, you are now my wife
Who's your wife?
Go away but the truth is in front of you
There was no earthquake at all.
Qin Feng has lost you to me
Sister, he just said that this shit can predict earthquakes
It can also sound an alarm 2 minutes in advance
The alarm went off.
Earthquakes? That's what I said.
This is the earthquake predicted by the island nation earthquake
Believe it or not?
Still using island country earthquakes to cover up
It's just hilarious and ridiculous
The earthquake is 20 minutes away
At that time
You'll know if what I'm saying is true
Qin Fang, you still dare to be stubborn, right?
To tell you the truth
I have just informed someone.
Let a while feel Luo Ju come over
Expose your lies to your face
Tiancheng Shou Dao